# A N T H O N Y  Q U I V E R S

# experience

###### Merchandising and Design Team Lead-Home Depot  
December-2021 to May-2022
Team leader responsible for designing and executing merchandising campaigns for retail at various locations in the Baltimore region.  Tasks involved assigning plan-o-grams, conducting surveys at bays, recycling new product, and large-scale displays and installations.

###### Designer-Innovative Drive Corp.
March-2020 to January-2021
Developed a hardware prototype for a client that automates the production of orthotics. Designed the printed circuitry inside the sensor assemblies. Created a data processing algorithm in C# for sensor measurements.
Created and improved a user touchscreen interface with ARDUINO microprocessors, which was used to control a dynamcically tuned, stress tensor calculator in react.js.

###### Product Design Manager-ZONER INC
July-2016 to May-2017
Coordinated and managed development operations for a New York zoning web platform.
Responsible for the information architecture of the company’s proprietary dataset. Designed
user interfaces with feature wireframes in photoshop and indesign. Developed algorithms for the backend computation of the services’ key features in ruby and ruby-on-rails. Enhanced the delivery time of in-house property feasibility reports
from 2 weeks to 2 hours.

# education

###### California College of the Arts  
MASTERS in Fine Arts Graphic Design
Graduated in May 2014

###### Massachusetts Institute of Technology  
BACHELORS in Aerospace Engineering and Information Technology
Graduated in Jun 2008

# skills

Architecture-Advanced  3d graphics-Advanced  Algorithms-Advanced  Urban planning-Advanced  Visualization-Advanced  Algorithm-SoSo  C#-SoSo  Circuitry-SoSo  Engineer-SoSo  Microprocessors-SoSo  Prototype-SoSo  Prototypes-SoSo  Sensor-SoSo  Software engineer-SoSo  Lead generation-SoSo  Python-SoSo  Sales-SoSo  Bash-SoSo  C++-SoSo  Css-SoSo  Data science-SoSo  Html-SoSo  Imaging-SoSo  Information mapping-SoSo  Java-SoSo  Javascript-SoSo  Mapping-SoSo  Matlab-SoSo  Real estate-SoSo  Scala-SoSo  Sql-SoSo  Topo-SoSo  Zoning-SoSo  Aerospace-Novice  ElectricalAerospace-Novice

# behaviors

Detail-Oriented  Thought-Provoking  Enthusiastic  Leader

# motivations

Ability-to-Make-an-Impact  Work-Life-Balance  Goal-Completion  Growth-Opportunities

# contact

EMAIL- qui.art.and.arc@gmail.com
PHONE- +1-443-364-0158 



** Generated by Resume Calc.
** sometimes these docs are live
** you may see things in the process of changing